Venkata Reddy B



			

Sumanth Konjeti

Email Id		: sumanth.mani@gmail.com

Contact Number	: +918008894414

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To pursue a challenging role in an organization, where in I can learn, build synergies with my team, work towards the team’s goals, and thereby help the organization achieve its goals and objectives and ensure they exceed customer’s expectations.



CAREER SUMMARY

Organization               : Cognizant Technology Solutions Pvt. Ltd

Designation                :  Associate – Projects

Duration                      :  Jan 2015 – Till date



CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

		3.3 years of experience in the information technology industry with expertise in Java programming and Database development Oracle and PL/SQL and Sybase. 

		Have worked as Application Analyst for the Retail client handling the Dispatch and warehouse applications.

		Have worked in Requirement Analysis/Functional Studies/Design/development/Testing and deployment to production phase with business rules of the client.

		Handled production critical on calls with proper escalation procedure.

		Handled critical enhancements individually with critical time deadlines for dynamic business requirements and also guided the team technically.

		Have a good understanding in Retail and Consumer Goods domain.

		Gained SME level knowledge in the ORDER MANANAGEMENT and Dispatching applications. Have been able to address the issues related to these applications through regular incident resolution and also code fixing to ensure system stability.

		Received "Spot Light" award for resolving complex show stopper issues during the Q2 and Q3 of 2016.

		Got client appreciation for handling the North America Transformation Migration Activity during the Q3 of 2016.

		Received “PROJECT PRODIGY OF THE QUARTER” for my stint performance in the project during the Q2 of 2016.

	







SKILLS SUMMARY

Operating System

Windows

Languages

J2SE,J2EE, Spring MVC, Python ,Basics of Django

Databases

Sybase, Oracle 11g

Domain Knowledge

Retail, Consumer Goods

Tools

Toad, SQL Developer, Citrix, RDC Man, Eclipse, Putty, Star team, Autosys, WCC

Scripting Language

Java Script,HTML,JQuery









EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

	Examination

	

	Discipline/

	Specialization

	School/college

	Board/

	University

	Year of Passing

	

	Marks

	

	

	B.E

	Electronics and communication Engineering (ECE)

	SRKR Engineering College,Bhimavaram

	Andhra University

	

	2014

	7.95(CGPA)

	Intermediate

	MPC

	Narayana Junior College,Ongole

	Board of Intermediate Education.

	

	2010

	96.8%

	SSC

	SSC

	ABC High School, Darsi

	State Board

	2008

	88.8%





PROJECTS SUMMARY

Project - PepsiCo - PBC Legacy Support – Supply Chain Planning



Duration                         : (Jul 2015 till date)

Technology		: J2SE, J2EE, Oracle PL/SQL, Sybase, Spring MVC, Ibatis

Operating System	: Windows

Tools	: Putty, Cisco VPN Client, Citrix, Toad, SQL Developer, DB Visualizer, RDC Man.

Database		: Oracle, Sybase, SQL Server

Team Size		: 4

Role			: Support Analyst



PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack and beverage corporation headquartered in Purchase, New York. PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of grain-based snack foods, beverages and other products.



Project Objective:



Manufacturing and Logistics - Dispatch, Roadnet and Voice pick applications are responsible for dispatching, picking and delivering the products/orders.







Roles & Responsibilities:



Have been a part of the team from the initial KT.

Have involved in both the incident management along with batch / job monitoring.

Gained SME level knowledge in the Order management and logistics. Have been able to address the issues related to these applications through regular incident resolution and also code fixing to ensure system stability.

Documented SOP's for several reoccurring incidents and left shifted them to the L1.5 team to reduce the inflow to the L3 queue.

Actively involved in end to end testing of the applications during the various application (version upgrade), server and database (eg: DB2 to TD) migration.

Extended support whenever and wherever necessary to ensure the application is up and running without issues which involve night shift as well as week end support.

Identified the root cause for various critical/reoccurring issues and provided the fix which in turn helped in increasing the system stability.

	Adhered to strict SLA guidelines and involved in various report generations as part of Support process and Involved in planning and handling critical outages.

	Handled multiple business critical pager calls on application slowness with various management teams and identified reasons (DB locks, old / long running sessions, etc.).

Trained new team members in domain and also in technical skills with good feedback



PERSONAL SKILLS

Comprehensive problem solving and logical abilities

Good verbal and written communication skills

Willingness to learn new technologies and to accept challenging roles

Willingness to work in a dynamic environment

Willingness to play the role of a leader





PERSONAL PROFILE

Name                                              

: Venkata Reddy Bathula

Age, Date of Birth                         

: 24 years, 07-08-1993

Sex                                                  

: Male

Marital Status                                

: Unmarried

Father’s Name and Occupation   

: Venkateswara reddy B, Farmer

Mother’s Name and Occupation  

: Parvathi, Home maker

Nationality                                      

: Indian

Language Known 

: English, Telugu

Hobbies 

: Playing cricket, long rides

Permanent Address 

: 1-8, Main Bazar, korlamadugu, kottapalli (po), Darsi, Prakasam-523247.

DECLARATION

I hereby solemnly declare that the above particulars furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.



Place: Hyderabad

Date:

Signature										(Venkata.B)





Page 2 of 3
